truth or dare truth are you happy
am I happy that's a good question I'm
just realizing that I've spent my entire
adult life trying to recapture the way I
felt the summer of 1970 hey Danny
where's the softball game petals field
it's gonna be all boys so what are we
waiting for
that was the summer when everything
started to change dude they just big we
wanted to hear the facts we went to our
parents I've been thinking about what
you asked me about sex you say that very
casually it scares me have you ever been
French kiss are you kidding I don't want
to get pregnant but if we wanted to know
the truth we went to our friends like
somebody going boo aah that's what sex
is just about the only thing that didn't
surprise us that summer was who our
friends were it's too bad your mother's
dead someone needs to teach you to act
like a girl I say we make a pact never
we need a friend
we're here for each other no matter what
happens in life smells really beautiful
we're here for each other always best
friends for life for life it's coming
new line cinema presents Christina Ricci
and Rosie O'Donnell as Roberta you're a
woman on the verge like a volcano ready
to a rush follow birch and Melanie
Griffith as tini you are a sexual magnet
attracting men from the four corners of
the world Gaby Hoffmann and Demi Moore
as Samantha don't be afraid to take the
plunge you might surprise yourself he's
back and we brought him here Ashley
Aston Moore and Rita Wilson as Chrissy
let go of your inhibitions before you
dry up like a prune in a film about who
we were you mention this to anyone I'll
beat the hell out of me of this Booya
and the friends
looks like rush limbaugh we have to sign
for it Ritter truth or dare truth how
big are your boobs now well just how big
are your boobs
he sticks deep in with every penny uh
Lewis
now is this directed by Lesley linger
gladder